README.md, before:

# Teaching Assistant Handbook – SUNY New Paltz Computer Science Department

Welcome! This handbook is designed to support Teaching Assistants (TAs) in the CS department with clear expectations, procedures, and helpful resources. Everything is organized by category for quick access.

---

## Table of Contents

### 0 Welcome
- [Welcome](0%20Welcome/Welcome.md)

### 1 General Info
- [Role Overview](1%20General%20Info/Role%20Overview.md)
- [Code of Conduct](1%20General%20Info/Code%20of%20Conduct.md)
- [Communication Guidelines](1%20General%20Info/Communication%20Guidelines.md)

### 2 Tools & Access
- [Brightspace Access](2%20Tools%20and%20Access/Brightspace%20Access.md)
- [Technical Help](2%20Tools%20and%20Access/Technical%20Help.md)

### 3 Tasks & Responsibilities
- [Weekly Checklist](3%20Tasks%20and%20Responsibilities/Weekly%20Checklist.md)
- [Grading Duties](3%20Tasks%20and%20Responsibilities/Grading%20Duties.md)
- [Office Hours](3%20Tasks%20and%20Responsibilities/Office%20Hours.md)
- [Timesheets Submission](3%20Tasks%20and%20Responsibilities/Timesheets%20Submission.md)
- [Mailroom](3%20Tasks%20and%20Responsibilities/Mailroom.md)

### 4 Before Semester Setup
- [Before Semester Checklist](4%20Before%20Semester%20Setup/Before%20Semester%20Checklist.md)

### 5 Resources

#### How-Tos
- [How to Grade in Brightspace](5%20Resources/How-Tos/How-to%20Grade%20in%20Brightspace.md)
- [How to Access Course in Brightspace](5%20Resources/How-Tos/How-To%20Access%20Course%20in%20Brightspace.md)
- [How to Create an Announcement](5%20Resources/How-Tos/How-To%20Create%20an%20Announcement.md)
- [How to Sign Timesheet](5%20Resources/How-Tos/How-To%20Sign%20Timesheet.md)
- [How to Use the Projector in Lab](5%20Resources/How-Tos/How-To%20Use%20The%20Projector%20in%20Lab.md)

#### Other
- [Important Contacts](5%20Resources/Important%20Contacts.md)
- [Quick FAQs](5%20Resources/Quick%20FAQs.md)

---

## How to Use

- **Browse Online:** Use the links above or the folder sidebar on GitHub.
- **Download for Offline Use:** Click the green `Code` button → `Download ZIP`.
- **Clone via Git:**
  ```bash
  git clone https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/TR-TA-CompSci-Handbook.git

Commit message:

Update README.md to include link to site

README.md, after:

# Teaching Assistant Handbook – SUNY New Paltz Computer Science Department

Welcome! This handbook is designed to support Teaching Assistants (TAs) in the CS department with clear expectations, procedures, and helpful resources. Everything is organized by category for quick access.

For a cleaner layout, check out the site here: https://compsci-suny-newpaltz.github.io/TR-TA-CompSci-Handbook/

---

## Table of Contents

### 0 Welcome
- [Welcome](0%20Welcome/Welcome.md)

### 1 General Info
- [Role Overview](1%20General%20Info/Role%20Overview.md)
- [Code of Conduct](1%20General%20Info/Code%20of%20Conduct.md)
- [Communication Guidelines](1%20General%20Info/Communication%20Guidelines.md)

### 2 Tools & Access
- [Brightspace Access](2%20Tools%20and%20Access/Brightspace%20Access.md)
- [Technical Help](2%20Tools%20and%20Access/Technical%20Help.md)

### 3 Tasks & Responsibilities
- [Weekly Checklist](3%20Tasks%20and%20Responsibilities/Weekly%20Checklist.md)
- [Grading Duties](3%20Tasks%20and%20Responsibilities/Grading%20Duties.md)
- [Office Hours](3%20Tasks%20and%20Responsibilities/Office%20Hours.md)
- [Timesheets Submission](3%20Tasks%20and%20Responsibilities/Timesheets%20Submission.md)
- [Mailroom](3%20Tasks%20and%20Responsibilities/Mailroom.md)

### 4 Before Semester Setup
- [Before Semester Checklist](4%20Before%20Semester%20Setup/Before%20Semester%20Checklist.md)

### 5 Resources

#### How-Tos
- [How to Grade in Brightspace](5%20Resources/How-Tos/How-to%20Grade%20in%20Brightspace.md)
- [How to Access Course in Brightspace](5%20Resources/How-Tos/How-To%20Access%20Course%20in%20Brightspace.md)
- [How to Create an Announcement](5%20Resources/How-Tos/How-To%20Create%20an%20Announcement.md)
- [How to Sign Timesheet](5%20Resources/How-Tos/How-To%20Sign%20Timesheet.md)
- [How to Use the Projector in Lab](5%20Resources/How-Tos/How-To%20Use%20The%20Projector%20in%20Lab.md)

#### Other
- [Important Contacts](5%20Resources/Important%20Contacts.md)
- [Quick FAQs](5%20Resources/Quick%20FAQs.md)

---

## How to Use

- **Browse Online:** Use the links above or the folder sidebar on GitHub.
- **Download for Offline Use:** Click the green `Code` button → `Download ZIP`.
- **Clone via Git:**
  ```bash
  git clone https://github.com/YOUR-USERNAME/TR-TA-CompSci-Handbook.git
